The problem profile taken for this mini project is to develop a hotel website along with a hotel management system. The development of such a website is supported with the framework of Microsoft ASP.net.
This website must entitle the user (customer) to view the details of various aspects of the above said hotel and will describe all the provisions provided by the hotel authorities for the customers.
Moreover, the user must be able to request booking online using a customer portal and must be able to check the status of the booking. This website must perform all the operations that a customer looks for in an online hotel booking website.
On the other hand, there should be an admin portal using which the admin from the hotel authorities must manage all the accounts that a hotel needs to maintain, for example customer lists, staff information, handling requests etc.
In the whole, the website must come as a complete package for the hotel using which, all the hotel management chores can be done online and provide an ‘ease of use’ to the users. Through this website the hotel can showcase its delicacies using a very lucrative GUI as well as handle all the online requests made by customers world-wide. Moreover, customers can book their rooms without even making a phone call, just by dropping their information at the request management system.
The hotel management website must give all the responsibility of operations to the admin assigned to the website. The admin solely reserves the rights to perform some of the tasks important for the organization. This must help in creating an abstraction among the employees of the organization ensuring a better and safe working of the hotel premises.
